Problem being solved:
The problem I am attempting to solve is the need for a music composition
software that is easy to use and accessible for those who may not know much
about music theory.

General approach to solving it:
My code attempts to solve this problem by creating a variety of different,
easy-to-understand modes that allow a user to create music without knowing much
about actually reading music. They can select notes and change attributes of
these notes very easily as well as remove notes quickly if they make a mistake.
If a user is not sure whether or not their music sounds good, they can use the
play function to play what they have written so far. If they are not sure 
whether or not their beats satisfy the time signature, there is a simple-to-use
beatcheck function that operates similarly to spellcheck and saves those who
are not rhythmically savvy time. People can also save their projects for future
use as well as open previous projects. This could provide for the functionality
of sharing sheet music between computers so that people can see what others have
written.

User interface:
My user interface consists of a comprehensive set of welcome screens that allow
you to customize your music score or open a previously created music score. My
page for clef choice includes short descriptions of the clefs in case someone
is unfamiliar with the clef choices included and my time signature choice page
includes the number of beats on top and the note value on the bottom as this is
the way that time signatures are displayed on musical scores.

My page for music composition includes file functions in the top left corner as
this is how most other software is formatted. The top right corner contains 
functions that would be helpful for the user, such as checking their beats and
pulling up a help screen. The top bar contains all of the different modes that
are possible for easy switching between modes. The side bar contains options
for the add function since the add function is the leftmost mode button. The 
page tracker is kept on the bottom as most other software follows this format
as well. All of the buttons also have highlights to show you which mode is 
currently being activated and any type of selection always appears highlighted
for user ease.

Similar programs:
My design is based heavily off of MuseScore as it is the music composition 
software that I mostly used. My event functions are very similar to those of
other music composition softwares, except with less complexity for increased
ease of understanding. My program also does not automatically delete notes or
adjust measures as it can be difficult to understand why this happens sometimes
if you are not as well-versed in music theory. Instead, there is a friendly
checker that tells you what measures are incorrect and which direction the
rhythm needs to be adjusted in.